README.md, before:

<!--
*** Thank you for viewing our README. if you have any suggestion
*** that can improve it even more fork the repository and create a Pull
*** Request or open an Issue with the tag "suggestion".
*** Thank you again! Now let's run this amazing project : D
-->

# Modern GitOps Stack

<!-- PROJECT SHIELDS -->

[![npm](https://img.shields.io/badge/type-Open%20Project-green?&style=plastic)](https://img.shields.io/badge/type-Open%20Project-green)
[![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/GersonRS/modern-devops-stack?logo=github&style=plastic)](https://github.com/GersonRS/modern-devops-stack/commits/master)
[![GitHub Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/gersonrs/modern-devops-stack?logo=github&style=plastic)](https://github.com/GersonRS/modern-devops-stack/issues)
[![GitHub Language](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/gersonrs/modern-devops-stack?&logo=github&style=plastic)](https://github.com/GersonRS/modern-devops-stack/search?l=python)
[![GitHub Repo-Size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/GersonRS/modern-devops-stack?logo=github&style=plastic)](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/GersonRS/modern-devops-stack)
[![GitHub Contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/GersonRS/modern-devops-stack?logo=github&style=plastic)](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/GersonRS/modern-devops-stack)
[![GitHub Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/GersonRS/modern-devops-stack?logo=github&style=plastic)](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/GersonRS/modern-devops-stack)
[![NPM](https://img.shields.io/github/license/GersonRS/modern-devops-stack?&style=plastic)](LICENSE)
[![Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-active-success.svg)](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-active-success.svg)

<p align="center">
  <img alt="logo" src=".github/assets/images/logo.png"/>
</p>

## Overview

The Modern GitOps Stack is composed of several Terraform modules used to deploy a Kubernetes cluster along with a stack of components that will allow you to deploy applications as well as monitor and troubleshoot your cluster.

The choice of the cluster module is dependant on the provider on which you wish to deploy your cluster. The Modern GitOps Stack currently supports only a local deployment using KinD. The modules that deploy the remaining components of the stack are as generic as possible, but in the future, some have provider-specific variants that deploy different resources depending on the platform.

As you’ll see in this project, after the cluster is deployed, a  Argo CD is installed to then deploy the rest of the components. After all the components have been deployed, this Argo CD instance can be used to deploy your applications (we also created modules to create and configure Argo CD Applications and ApplicationSets).

## Table of Contents

* [Objective](#objective)
* [Versioning Flow](#versioning-flow)
* [Tools](#tools)
* [Getting Started](#getting-started)
* [Requirements](#requirements)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [Project Structure](#project-structure)
* [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting)
  + [connection_error during the first deployment](#connection_error-during-the-first-deployment)
  + [loki stack promtail pods stuck with status CrashLoopBackOff](#loki-stack-promtail-pods-stuck-with-status-crashloopbackoff)
* [Contributions](#sontributions)
* [License](#license)
* [Contact](#contact)
* [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)

## Objective

The purpose of this repository is to provide a framework and series of tools for data orchestration and GitOps, with the aim of facilitating the management of end-to-end data workflows. By leveraging Terraform and type, the project can be easily configured to provide a practical playground that includes tools capable of performing data extraction, transformation and loading, validation, and monitoring.

## Versioning Flow

We follow the [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/) and [gitflow](https://www.atlassian.com/br/git/tutorials/comparing-workflows/gitflow-workflow) for versioning this project. For the versions available, see the tags on this repository.

## Tools

The following tools are used in this project:

* **Terraform:** Infrastructure-as-Code tool used to automate the setup of the Kubernetes cluster and related resources.

* **Kubernetes (kind)**: A lightweight Kubernetes implementation that allows running Kubernetes clusters inside Docker containers.

* **MetalLB**: A Load Balancer for Kubernetes environments, enabling external access to services in the local environment.

* **ArgoCD**: A GitOps Continuous Delivery tool for Kubernetes, facilitating the management of applications.

* **Traefik**: An Ingress Controller for Kubernetes, routing external traffic to applications within the cluster.

* **Cert-Manager**: A certificate management tool, enabling the use of HTTPS for applications.

* **Keycloak**: An identity management and access control service, securing applications and resources.

* **Minio**: A cloud storage server compatible with Amazon S3, providing object storage for applications.

* **kube-prometheus-stack**: A collection of Kubernetes manifests, Grafana dashboards, and Prometheus rules combined with documentation and scripts to provide easy to operate end-to-end Kubernetes cluster monitoring with Prometheus using the Prometheus Operator.

* **loki-stack**: Loki is a horizontally-scalable, highly-available, multi-tenant log aggregation system inspired by Prometheus. It is designed to be very cost effective and easy to operate. It does not index the contents of the logs, but rather a set of labels for each log stream.

* **thanos**: Thanos is a highly available metrics system that can be added on top of existing Prometheus deployments, providing a global query view across all Prometheus installations.

These tools together enable the creation of a complete infrastructure for the development and management of Machine Learning applications in the Kubernetes environment.

## Requirements

To use Modern GitOps Stack, you need to have the following prerequisites installed and configured:

1. Terraform:
    - Installation: Visit the [Terraform website](https://www.terraform.io/downloads.html) and follow the instructions for your operating system.
2. Docker:
    - Installation: Install Docker by following the instructions for your operating system from the [Docker website](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/).
3. Kubernetes CLI (kubectl):
    - Installation: Install `kubectl` by following the instructions for your operating system from the [Kubernetes website](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/install-kubectl/).
4. Helm:
    - Installation: Install Helm by following the instructions for your operating system from the [Helm website](https://helm.sh/docs/intro/install/).

## Getting Started

To get started with the Modern GitOps Stack, follow these steps:

1. Clone this repository to your local computer.
    - `git clone https://github.com/GersonRS/modern-gitops-stack.git`
2. Change directory to the repository:
    - `cd modern-gitops-stack`

> Make sure you have Terraform installed on your system, along with other necessary dependencies.

3. Run `terraform init` to initialize Terraform configurations.
* 

```sh
  terraform init
  ```

> `This command will download the necessary Terraform plugins and modules.`

4. Run `terraform apply` to start the provisioning process. Wait until the infrastructure is ready for use.
* 

```
  terraform apply
  ```

> `Review the changes to be applied and confirm with yes when prompted. Terraform will now set up the Kubernetes cluster and deploy the required resources.`

5. After the Terraform apply is complete, the output will display URLs for accessing the applications. Use the provided URLs to interact with the applications.
6. The Terraform output will also provide the credentials necessary for accessing and managing the applications. Run `terraform output` to get the credentials.
* 

```
  terraform output -json credentials
  ```

## Usage

Once the infrastructure is successfully provisioned, you can utilize the installed applications.

## Project Structure

This project follows a structured directory layout to organize its resources effectively:

```sh
.
├── charts
├── LICENSE
├── locals.tf
├── main.tf
├── modules
│   ├── argocd
│   ├── argocd_bootstrap
│   ├── cert-manager
│   ├── keycloak
│   ├── kind
│   ├── kube-prometheus-stack
│   ├── loki-stack
│   ├── metallb
│   ├── minio
│   ├── oidc
│   ├── thanos
│   └── traefik
├── outputs.tf
├── pyproject.toml
├── README.md
├── terraform.tf
└── variables.tf
```

* [**charts**](charts/) - Directory containing all the helm charts used in the project.
* [**LICENSE**](LICENSE) - License file of the project.
* [**locals.tf**](locals.tf) - Terraform locals file.
* [**main.tf**](main.tf) - Main Terraform configuration file.
* [**modules**](modules/) - Directory containing all the Terraform modules used in the project.
  + [**argocd**](modules/argocd/) - Directory for configuring ArgoCD application.
  + [**cert-manager**](modules/cert-manager/) - Directory for managing certificates using Cert Manager.
  + [**jupyterhub**](modules/kube-prometheus-stack/) - Directory for setting up Prometheus monitor.
  + [**keycloak**](modules/keycloak/) - Directory for installing and configuring Keycloak.
  + [**kind**](modules/kind/) - Directory for creating a Kubernetes cluster using Kind.
  + [**metallb**](modules/metallb/) - Directory for setting up MetalLB, a load balancer for Kubernetes.
  + [**minio**](modules/minio/) - Directory for deploying and configuring Minio for object storage.
  + [**mlflow**](modules/loki-stack/) - Directory for setting up Loki-stack.
  + [**oidc**](modules/oidc/) - Directory for OpenID Connect (OIDC) configuration.
  + [**postgresql**](modules/thanos/) - Directory for deploying and configuring Thanos.
  + [**traefik**](modules/traefik/) - Directory for setting up Traefik, an ingress controller for Kubernetes.
* [**outputs.tf**](outputs.tf) - Terraform outputs file.
* [**pyproject.toml**](pyproject.toml) - Poetry config.
* [**README.md**](README.md) - Project's README file, containing important information and guidelines.
* [**terraform.tf**](terraform.tf) - Terraform configuration file for initializing the project.
* [**variables.tf**](variables.tf) - Terraform variables file, containing input variables for the project.

## Troubleshooting

### connection_error during the first deployment

In some cases, you could encounter an error like this the first deployment:

```
╷
│ Error: Error while waiting for application argocd to be created
│
│   with module.argocd.argocd_application.this,
│   on .terraform/modules/argocd/main.tf line 55, in resource "argocd_application" "this":
│   55: resource "argocd_application" "this" {
│
│ error while waiting for application argocd to be synced and healthy: rpc error: code = Unavailable desc = connection error: desc = "transport: error while dialing: dial tcp 127.0.0.1:45729: connect: connection refused"
╵
```

This error is due to the way we provision Argo CD on the final steps of the deployment. We use the bootstrap Argo CD to deploy the final Argo CD module, which causes a redeployment of Argo CD and consequently a momentary loss of connection between the Argo CD Terraform provider and the Argo CD server.

**`You can simply re-run the command terraform apply to finalize the bootstrap of the cluster.`**

### loki stack promtail pods stuck with status CrashLoopBackOff

You could stumble upon loki-stack-promtail stuck in a creation loop with the following logs:

```shell
level=error ts=2023-05-09T06:32:38.495673778Z caller=main.go:117 msg="error creating promtail" error="failed to make file target manager: too many open files"
Stream closed EOF for loki-stack/loki-stack-promtail-bxcmw (promtail)
```

If that’s the case, you will have to increase the upper limit on the number of INotify instances that can be created per real user ID:

```bash
# Increase the limit until next reboot
sudo sysctl fs.inotify.max_user_instances=512
# Increase the limit permanently (run this command as root)
echo 'fs.inotify.max_user_instances=512' >> /etc/sysctl.conf
```

## Contributions

Contributions are welcome! Feel free to create a pull request with improvements, bug fixes, or new features. Contributions are what make the open source community an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contribution you make will be greatly appreciated.

To contribute to the project, follow the steps below:

1. Fork the project.
2. Create a branch for your contribution (git checkout -b feature-mycontribution).
3. Make the desired changes to the code.
4. Commit your changes (git commit -m 'MyContribution: Adding new feature').
5. Push the branch to your Fork repository (git push origin feature-mycontribution).
6. Open a Pull Request on the main branch of the original project. Describe the changes and wait for the community's review and discussion.

We truly value your interest in contributing to the MLflow-Kube project. Together, we can make it even better!

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Contact

For any inquiries or questions, please contact:

[![twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Twitter-9cf?logo=Twitter&logoColor=white)](https://twitter.com/gersonrs3)
[![instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Instagram-ff2b8e?logo=Instagram&logoColor=white)](https://instagram.com/gersonrsantos)
[![linkedin](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Linkedin-blue?logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/gersonrsantos/)
[![Telegram](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Telegram-blue?logo=Telegram&logoColor=white)](https://t.me/gersonrsantos)
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Email-c14438?logo=Gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:gersonrodriguessantos8@gmail.com)

## Acknowledgments

We appreciate your interest in using the Modern GitOps Stack. We hope this configuration simplifies the management of your data pipelines experiments on Kubernetes! 🚀📊

Commit message:

Update README, include Stop the cluster section

README.md, after:

<!--
*** Thank you for viewing our README. if you have any suggestion
*** that can improve it even more fork the repository and create a Pull
*** Request or open an Issue with the tag "suggestion".
*** Thank you again! Now let's run this amazing project : D
-->

# Modern GitOps Stack

<!-- PROJECT SHIELDS -->

[![npm](https://img.shields.io/badge/type-Open%20Project-green?&style=plastic)](https://img.shields.io/badge/type-Open%20Project-green)
[![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/GersonRS/modern-devops-stack?logo=github&style=plastic)](https://github.com/GersonRS/modern-devops-stack/commits/master)
[![GitHub Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/gersonrs/modern-devops-stack?logo=github&style=plastic)](https://github.com/GersonRS/modern-devops-stack/issues)
[![GitHub Language](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/gersonrs/modern-devops-stack?&logo=github&style=plastic)](https://github.com/GersonRS/modern-devops-stack/search?l=python)
[![GitHub Repo-Size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/GersonRS/modern-devops-stack?logo=github&style=plastic)](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/GersonRS/modern-devops-stack)
[![GitHub Contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/GersonRS/modern-devops-stack?logo=github&style=plastic)](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/GersonRS/modern-devops-stack)
[![GitHub Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/GersonRS/modern-devops-stack?logo=github&style=plastic)](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/GersonRS/modern-devops-stack)
[![NPM](https://img.shields.io/github/license/GersonRS/modern-devops-stack?&style=plastic)](LICENSE)
[![Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-active-success.svg)](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-active-success.svg)

<p align="center">
  <img alt="logo" src=".github/assets/images/logo.png"/>
</p>

## Overview

The Modern GitOps Stack is composed of several Terraform modules used to deploy a Kubernetes cluster along with a stack of components that will allow you to deploy applications as well as monitor and troubleshoot your cluster.

The choice of the cluster module is dependant on the provider on which you wish to deploy your cluster. The Modern GitOps Stack currently supports only a local deployment using KinD. The modules that deploy the remaining components of the stack are as generic as possible, but in the future, some have provider-specific variants that deploy different resources depending on the platform.

As you’ll see in this project, after the cluster is deployed, a  Argo CD is installed to then deploy the rest of the components. After all the components have been deployed, this Argo CD instance can be used to deploy your applications (we also created modules to create and configure Argo CD Applications and ApplicationSets).

## Table of Contents

* [Objective](#objective)
* [Versioning Flow](#versioning-flow)
* [Tools](#tools)
* [Getting Started](#getting-started)
* [Requirements](#requirements)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [Project Structure](#project-structure)
* [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting)
  + [connection_error during the first deployment](#connection_error-during-the-first-deployment)
  + [loki stack promtail pods stuck with status CrashLoopBackOff](#loki-stack-promtail-pods-stuck-with-status-crashloopbackoff)
* [Contributions](#sontributions)
* [License](#license)
* [Contact](#contact)
* [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)

## Objective

The purpose of this repository is to provide a framework and series of tools for data orchestration and GitOps, with the aim of facilitating the management of end-to-end data workflows. By leveraging Terraform and type, the project can be easily configured to provide a practical playground that includes tools capable of performing data extraction, transformation and loading, validation, and monitoring.

## Versioning Flow

We follow the [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/) and [gitflow](https://www.atlassian.com/br/git/tutorials/comparing-workflows/gitflow-workflow) for versioning this project. For the versions available, see the tags on this repository.

## Tools

The following tools are used in this project:

* **Terraform:** Infrastructure-as-Code tool used to automate the setup of the Kubernetes cluster and related resources.

* **Kubernetes (kind)**: A lightweight Kubernetes implementation that allows running Kubernetes clusters inside Docker containers.

* **MetalLB**: A Load Balancer for Kubernetes environments, enabling external access to services in the local environment.

* **ArgoCD**: A GitOps Continuous Delivery tool for Kubernetes, facilitating the management of applications.

* **Traefik**: An Ingress Controller for Kubernetes, routing external traffic to applications within the cluster.

* **Cert-Manager**: A certificate management tool, enabling the use of HTTPS for applications.

* **Keycloak**: An identity management and access control service, securing applications and resources.

* **Minio**: A cloud storage server compatible with Amazon S3, providing object storage for applications.

* **kube-prometheus-stack**: A collection of Kubernetes manifests, Grafana dashboards, and Prometheus rules combined with documentation and scripts to provide easy to operate end-to-end Kubernetes cluster monitoring with Prometheus using the Prometheus Operator.

* **loki-stack**: Loki is a horizontally-scalable, highly-available, multi-tenant log aggregation system inspired by Prometheus. It is designed to be very cost effective and easy to operate. It does not index the contents of the logs, but rather a set of labels for each log stream.

* **thanos**: Thanos is a highly available metrics system that can be added on top of existing Prometheus deployments, providing a global query view across all Prometheus installations.

These tools together enable the creation of a complete infrastructure for the development and management of Machine Learning applications in the Kubernetes environment.

## Requirements

To use Modern GitOps Stack, you need to have the following prerequisites installed and configured:

1. Terraform:
    - Installation: Visit the [Terraform website](https://www.terraform.io/downloads.html) and follow the instructions for your operating system.
2. Docker:
    - Installation: Install Docker by following the instructions for your operating system from the [Docker website](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/).
3. Kubernetes CLI (kubectl):
    - Installation: Install `kubectl` by following the instructions for your operating system from the [Kubernetes website](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/install-kubectl/).
4. Helm:
    - Installation: Install Helm by following the instructions for your operating system from the [Helm website](https://helm.sh/docs/intro/install/).

## Getting Started

To get started with the Modern GitOps Stack, follow these steps:

1. Clone this repository to your local computer.
    - `git clone https://github.com/GersonRS/modern-gitops-stack.git`
2. Change directory to the repository:
    - `cd modern-gitops-stack`

> Make sure you have Terraform installed on your system, along with other necessary dependencies.

3. Run `terraform init` to initialize Terraform configurations.
* 

```sh
  terraform init
  ```

> `This command will download the necessary Terraform plugins and modules.`

4. Run `terraform apply` to start the provisioning process. Wait until the infrastructure is ready for use.
* 

```
  terraform apply
  ```

> `Review the changes to be applied and confirm with yes when prompted. Terraform will now set up the Kubernetes cluster and deploy the required resources.`

5. After the Terraform apply is complete, the output will display URLs for accessing the applications. Use the provided URLs to interact with the applications.
6. The Terraform output will also provide the credentials necessary for accessing and managing the applications. Run `terraform output` to get the credentials.
* 

```
  terraform output -json credentials
  ```

## Usage

Once the infrastructure is successfully provisioned, you can utilize the installed applications.

### Stop the cluster

To definitively stop the cluster on a single command (that is the reason we delete some resources from the state file), you can use the following command:

```sh
terraform state rm $(terraform state list | grep "argocd_application\|argocd_project\|kubernetes_\|helm_\|keycloak_") && terraform destroy
```

A dirtier alternative is to directly destroy the Docker containers and volumes (replace kind-cluster by the cluster name you defined in locals.tf):

```sh
# Stop and remove Docker containers
docker container stop kind-cluster-control-plane kind-cluster-worker{,2,3} && docker container rm -v kind-cluster-control-plane kind-cluster-worker{,2,3}
# Remove the Terraform state file
rm terraform.state
```

Or delete the cluster directly by kind

```sh
kind delete cluster
```

## Project Structure

This project follows a structured directory layout to organize its resources effectively:

```sh
.
├── charts
├── LICENSE
├── locals.tf
├── main.tf
├── modules
│   ├── argocd
│   ├── argocd_bootstrap
│   ├── cert-manager
│   ├── keycloak
│   ├── kind
│   ├── kube-prometheus-stack
│   ├── loki-stack
│   ├── metallb
│   ├── minio
│   ├── oidc
│   ├── thanos
│   └── traefik
├── outputs.tf
├── pyproject.toml
├── README.md
├── terraform.tf
└── variables.tf
```

* [**charts**](charts/) - Directory containing all the helm charts used in the project.
* [**LICENSE**](LICENSE) - License file of the project.
* [**locals.tf**](locals.tf) - Terraform locals file.
* [**main.tf**](main.tf) - Main Terraform configuration file.
* [**modules**](modules/) - Directory containing all the Terraform modules used in the project.
  + [**argocd**](modules/argocd/) - Directory for configuring ArgoCD application.
  + [**cert-manager**](modules/cert-manager/) - Directory for managing certificates using Cert Manager.
  + [**jupyterhub**](modules/kube-prometheus-stack/) - Directory for setting up Prometheus monitor.
  + [**keycloak**](modules/keycloak/) - Directory for installing and configuring Keycloak.
  + [**kind**](modules/kind/) - Directory for creating a Kubernetes cluster using Kind.
  + [**metallb**](modules/metallb/) - Directory for setting up MetalLB, a load balancer for Kubernetes.
  + [**minio**](modules/minio/) - Directory for deploying and configuring Minio for object storage.
  + [**mlflow**](modules/loki-stack/) - Directory for setting up Loki-stack.
  + [**oidc**](modules/oidc/) - Directory for OpenID Connect (OIDC) configuration.
  + [**postgresql**](modules/thanos/) - Directory for deploying and configuring Thanos.
  + [**traefik**](modules/traefik/) - Directory for setting up Traefik, an ingress controller for Kubernetes.
* [**outputs.tf**](outputs.tf) - Terraform outputs file.
* [**pyproject.toml**](pyproject.toml) - Poetry config.
* [**README.md**](README.md) - Project's README file, containing important information and guidelines.
* [**terraform.tf**](terraform.tf) - Terraform configuration file for initializing the project.
* [**variables.tf**](variables.tf) - Terraform variables file, containing input variables for the project.

## Troubleshooting

### connection_error during the first deployment

In some cases, you could encounter an error like this the first deployment:

```
╷
│ Error: Error while waiting for application argocd to be created
│
│   with module.argocd.argocd_application.this,
│   on .terraform/modules/argocd/main.tf line 55, in resource "argocd_application" "this":
│   55: resource "argocd_application" "this" {
│
│ error while waiting for application argocd to be synced and healthy: rpc error: code = Unavailable desc = connection error: desc = "transport: error while dialing: dial tcp 127.0.0.1:45729: connect: connection refused"
╵
```

This error is due to the way we provision Argo CD on the final steps of the deployment. We use the bootstrap Argo CD to deploy the final Argo CD module, which causes a redeployment of Argo CD and consequently a momentary loss of connection between the Argo CD Terraform provider and the Argo CD server.

**`You can simply re-run the command terraform apply to finalize the bootstrap of the cluster.`**

### loki stack promtail pods stuck with status CrashLoopBackOff

You could stumble upon loki-stack-promtail stuck in a creation loop with the following logs:

```shell
level=error ts=2023-05-09T06:32:38.495673778Z caller=main.go:117 msg="error creating promtail" error="failed to make file target manager: too many open files"
Stream closed EOF for loki-stack/loki-stack-promtail-bxcmw (promtail)
```

If that’s the case, you will have to increase the upper limit on the number of INotify instances that can be created per real user ID:

```bash
# Increase the limit until next reboot
sudo sysctl fs.inotify.max_user_instances=512
# Increase the limit permanently (run this command as root)
echo 'fs.inotify.max_user_instances=512' >> /etc/sysctl.conf
```

## Contributions

Contributions are welcome! Feel free to create a pull request with improvements, bug fixes, or new features. Contributions are what make the open source community an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contribution you make will be greatly appreciated.

To contribute to the project, follow the steps below:

1. Fork the project.
2. Create a branch for your contribution (git checkout -b feature-mycontribution).
3. Make the desired changes to the code.
4. Commit your changes (git commit -m 'MyContribution: Adding new feature').
5. Push the branch to your Fork repository (git push origin feature-mycontribution).
6. Open a Pull Request on the main branch of the original project. Describe the changes and wait for the community's review and discussion.

We truly value your interest in contributing to the MLflow-Kube project. Together, we can make it even better!

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Contact

For any inquiries or questions, please contact:

[![twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Twitter-9cf?logo=Twitter&logoColor=white)](https://twitter.com/gersonrs3)
[![instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Instagram-ff2b8e?logo=Instagram&logoColor=white)](https://instagram.com/gersonrsantos)
[![linkedin](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Linkedin-blue?logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/gersonrsantos/)
[![Telegram](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Telegram-blue?logo=Telegram&logoColor=white)](https://t.me/gersonrsantos)
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Email-c14438?logo=Gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:gersonrodriguessantos8@gmail.com)

## Acknowledgments

We appreciate your interest in using the Modern GitOps Stack. We hope this configuration simplifies the management of your data pipelines experiments on Kubernetes! 🚀📊
